= twitbomb

* http://github.com/logie17/twitbomb

== DESCRIPTION:

Everyone has a twitter, facebook, myspace, blah blah, next cool social
network, etc.  

The reasons that one may yet to sign up for one of these social networking
accounts could be privacy concerns, overly aggressive user policies, or the
simple fact it's just uncool. 

E-mail is the original online social network, it was here before Zuckerberg
and his crew of php developers were a twinkle in their parents eyes. Yes,
e-mail still exists and it was *designed* for social messaging.

Now with the power of a command line tool one can send e-mail or what I call 
*twits*. Find the latest coolest YouTube video or slashdot.org article, now 
you can simple e-mail this to your friends and not broadcast your links and 
quips without fear public reprisal. 

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Create simple lists of contacts

* Easily e-mail twits

== SYNOPSIS:

* twitbomb family http://cool.com/this/is/a/great/article.html

== REQUIREMENTS:

* ruby

== INSTALL:

* gem install twitbomb

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Logan J. Bell

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
